Pure run-only RPM now (#6909)
microsoft/CCF: CMakeLists.txt

          "Target compilation platforms, Choose from: ${ALLOWED_TARGETS}"
)

# Default CMakeLists processing path. To exclude building and installing testing

> # stuff set this to OFF, e.g. to build the release RPM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# stuff set this to OFF, e.g. to build the run-only RPM.
```

We release/publish both, I think we need to be clear on the name.
